I really guessed it right
The clothes in the puzzle are Ye's poverty alleviation clothes.
He is not only smart
And it seems to be able to read people's hearts.
As expected of the prince
Talent is amazing
Oh, dear.
Forget it, forget it, forget it, forget it, oops
Try girl
You don't have to be too sad
I have a suggestion for the girl
Still a blessing
No way, surrender and shout
If such a day
I really can't bring you happiness.
Why not grit your teeth?
Let go of some dream bubbles in front of you
To pursue what you really want
Qin Gongzi thank you
Got it.
You're welcome.
Please also invite Shishi girl
Qin Gongzi
The world says it is for the confidant to die
Although the little girl can't swear
But also willing to give everything for the confidant
Qin Gongzi's tragedy 5 years ago
Your father was indeed murdered by an adulterer
he
Girl be careful
Mr. Jie